Add callbacks to requests in flight to avoid async duplication
A deep deletion module for node (like `rm -rf`)
Advanced, lightweight system and OS information library
a glob matcher in javascript
A library for finding and using SSH public keys
A library for parsing IPv4 and IPv6 IP addresses in node and the browser.
A library to create readable \"multipart/form-data\" streams. Can be used to submit forms and file uploads to other web applications.
A light weight native JavaScript implementation of GeoIP API from MaxMind
a little globber
A module for obtaining weather information
An evented streaming XML parser in JavaScript
A node module for Google's Universal Analytics tracking
an operating-system utility library
Another JSON Schema Validator
An RFC 3986/3987 compliant, scheme extendable URI/IRI parsing/validating/resolving library for JavaScript.
ANSI escape codes for styling strings in the terminal
An XML builder for node.js
A pure javascript CRC32 algorithm that plays nice with binary data
A querystring parser that supports nesting and arrays, with a depth limit
A robust Punycode converter that fully complies to RFC 3492 and RFC 5891, and works on nearly all JavaScript platforms.
AWS signing. Originally pulled from LearnBoost/knox, maintained as vendor in request, now a standalone module.
Brace expansion as known from sh/bash
Browser-friendly inheritance fully compatible with standard node.js inherits()
Callback wrapping utility
Caseless object set/get/has, very useful when working with HTTP headers.
Check if argv has a specific flag
Contains parsers and serializers for ASN.1 (currently BER only)
Convert character encodings in pure javascript.
dead-simple optimistic async helper
Detect whether a terminal supports color
Detect whether or not an object is a Typed Array
Determine if an object is a Stream
Domain name parser based on the Public Suffix List
Extra assertions on top of node's assert module
Extremely fast HTTP Archive (HAR) validator using JSON Schema
getpass for node.js
Higher-order functions and common patterns for asynchronous code
HTTP and HTTPS modules that follow redirects.
HTTP proxy tunneling agent. Formerly part of mikeal/request, now a standalone module.
Implements performance.now (based on process.hrtime).
JavaScript sprintf implementation
JSON Schema for HTTP Archive (HAR)
JSON Schema validation and specifications
Lazy lists for node
Like JSON.stringify, but doesn't blow up on circular refs.
Lodash modular utilities.
Match balanced character pairs, like \"{\" and \"}\"
Media Type Database
Minimal async jobs utility library, with streams support
Modern Buffer API polyfill without footguns
Node.js 0.12 path.isAbsolute() ponyfill
OAuth 1 signing. Formerly a vendor lib in mikeal/request, now a standalone module.
Parse, validate, manipulate, and display dates
Port of the OpenBSD bcrypt_pbkdf function to pure JS
Port of TweetNaCl cryptographic library to JavaScript
Promise based HTTP client for the browser and node.js
Reference implementation of Joyent's HTTP Signature scheme.
RFC4122 (v1, v4, and v5) UUIDs
RFC6265 Cookies and Cookie Jar for node.js
richer JavaScript errors
Run a function exactly one time
Safer Node.js Buffer API
Signs and prepares requests using AWS Signature Version 4
Simple XML to JavaScript object converter.
Simplified HTTP request client.
Terminal string styling done right
The jsbn library is a fast, portable implementation of large-number math in pure JavaScript, enabling public-key crypto and other applications on desktop and mobile browsers.
The ultimate javascript content-type utility.
Tiny millisecond conversion utility
Traverse JSON Schema passing each schema object to callback
Use node's fs.realpath, but fall back to the JS implementation if the native one fails
utilities for primitive JavaScript types
yet another unzip library for node
